Add column widths prop (#73)
langleyfoxall/react-dynamic-data-table: README.md

// Output: id, first_name, last_name, email
```

### Column Widths

In some cases there may be a need to make some columns be different widths
by defining a width, rather than the table changing based off of content.

> The `columnWidths` prop excepts an object with either a string or number as the values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `columnWidths` prop expects an object with column names as the keys and either a string or number as the values.
```
